this is a test
Dear All

Thank you for registering for MITS Hackathon. We have received overwhelming response from the student community and got more than double the number we can accommodate. So, we are forced to shortlist teams from the list and take it forward.

As part of this process, we are organising a Micro-Hack at Tagore Library (MITS Central Library) at 3 pm on 13/03/2018 (Tuesday). You will be given a problem statement at 3 pm and given half hour to read and discuss in the team. At 3.30 pm, the team members will be split to different locations and the team should work together online to complete the task. We don't expect a fully functional solution at the end of the Micro-Hack. We will be evaluating the teams based on whatever they have done by 4.30 pm. Our evaluation will centre around the following criteria:
1. Effective team time utilization
2. Choice of tools for development
3. Team work and collaboration
4. Feasibility of solution

The team is expected to have a GitHub account to participate in the Micro-Hack and the main hackathon. Evaluation is based on the following deliverables.

1. Code structure (based on language)
2. Folder hierarchy (if applicable)
3. Judicious use of GitHub
4. Documentation of the code
5. README file that describes the idea
6. Records that describe the collaboration in the team (like chats, excel files, etc.)

You are requested to create the GitHub account for the team today itself and reply to this mail with the link to the GitHub account.

-- 
Thanks and Regards

Mahalingam P R
boys
para da
templates download cheythoode?
aaam
searching for that
namude common mail id password enthaaa
geo i need the details of what should be there on the site
starks mail id para
starkscse@gmail.com
ok working on it @aashar
password para
njan wordpressil kerette
csecsecse99
kerikko
ath github password aann
email venam
eda github account sent chytharnno?
email password siva knows
areela 
eda sure ne alle grp mail create chythe
suresh look at this template https://templated.co/ion 
password maranno?
da documentryil why what okke seperate akki ezhuthano
atho full para form mathyoo
i dont know ..
 i will seperatly right ok?
ok
daaaa nee innale oru mail undakkittalle github acct undakkiye
aaaa mail id
password
siva ...as an introduction add details on the amount of waste produced every year
yeah yeah 
i will work on it
ok
ningal pettann chytho
git command used to add a file in a folder
?
eda sureshe
para
sirnu url ayatch kodukkan
not mail id
ethenkilum oru new repositoryude url ayakk
git add filename
sent immediatly 
he is asking ?/
sent url of a new repository or an excisting one
ok i have sent the admin page of canteen website on the repository microhack1
ok
did you start on wordpress? suraa
YES
NOKKUA
we need a name for the website . some one suggest some
!!!!!!!Taste better.... waste lesser....
more of a short name would be better
okay
suraa .... endhaii
CHEYUADAAA
30 min ollu
site name para
wordpress aaana?

sprecare meno
means waste less
italian
smart canteen???
geo adh madhi
sureshee ....sprecare meno ennn name itttoo
OK ENTHAAYEDA
canteen food management system
is the head ok?
ok 
SPRECARE KODUKK
thazhe bakki kodukkam
geo display cheyyenda contents thaaa
Sprecare meno 
pore?
daaa pinne sitil display cheyyenda photo namude canteente mathi
ath kittuanel share cheyyuu
canteen photo indo 
adhonnum nirbhandham illa
yeah, i see somewhere on web
nee onn screeshot eduth site kaanich thaa
use mits site to get the pic
alla, chumma impress aayallo
siva readme file edit cheydh kazhinjo?
then senfd
geo contents ithu vare kittella
HOWS WEBSITE
ath githubil upload cheyy
OK 1 MIN
da  suraa website kaanich thhaaa
https://canteenwastemanagement.wordpress.com/?p=15
HOME PAGE IS ALREADY  DONE
ONNUM AAYILLEDA
da wordil atto cheyyane
AAAM, ennit txt file aakkiya mathi
ok
SPRECARE MENO
not just sprecare
suresh!!
spregare enthonnaaa
ok
its SPRECARE MENO
i have sent 3 files
1.canteen
2.canteen homepage
3.wcm
this is order
*this is the order
sura endhaiii
vegam para
oonum aaayillaloda
enthu cheyyum
decumentation pakka aaakk
njan korch cheythitind wordpressil but full aayit illa
SPRECARE MANO aanuh
SORRY 
SPRECARE MENO
ellarum githubil uppload cheyy
ALREADY DONE
EDA ENGANA SENDANE
CANTEEN FOOD MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (CFMS) - SPRECARE
INTRODUCTION
FAO (Food and accommodation organisation) estimated that each year, approximately one-third of all food produced for human consumption in the world is lost or wasted. This food wastage represents a missed opportunity to improve global food security , but also to mitigate environmental impacts and resources use from food chains .Indians waste as much food as the whole of United Kingdom consumes – a statistic that may not so much indicative of our love of surfeit, as it is of our population. Still, food wastage is an alarming issue in India. Our street and garbage bins, landfills have sufficient proof to prove it. Weddings, canteens, hotels, social and family functions, households spew out so much food. 
Changes are to be made from the ground level itself. So our group has decided to initiate a canteen food management system which will eradicate wastage of food up to an extent within our limit.
 
WHAT IS SPRECARE?
 
Basic idea of SPRECARE is to eradicate the wastage of food with some technological touch which will make students to contribute into the idea more efficiently. use of programming in an unconventional situation will generate interest among students and the idea will get a push to be presented in different areas.  
The main idea of SPRECARE is to launch a website for the canteen chief/head which he can create an account and evaluate the wastage of food through colours. As we all know identifying a food based on colour and relating it to a programming stream is totally an unconventional situation. This situation will evoke more students to assist SPRECARE.
 
 
 
 
EDA ITHRE CHYTHOLLU
mathi
upload file
option
UPLOAD
eda ith copy cheyy
or i will sen to ashikka
daaa code edukkan pattanilla'html'
what to do
sura ninte weshit
chhee 
ini endh cheyum
link mathiyo
mimathi
mathi
https://canteenwastemanagement.wordpress.com/?p=15
siva
ith add cheyy
eda njn ashikkakk mailil send chythitund
bakki venel purathirunnu edit cheyyam
enthelum para
daaa github upload cheyy
aarelum
aashikka
okk
ellam cheythath
enik mail cheyy'
doc upload cheeyy
allenki enik mil chey
mail
eda njn readme aayi ittitund
geo check mail
or aashikka
daaa sitelink txt file aaayitt idamo
https://canteenwastemanagement.wordpress.com/?p=15
eda enteth kityooo
entel paste option polum kittanilla
pinne chat upload cheyyanem
anyone tell something?
enthaada
txt file kityo
nee upload cheythille
ath mathi
njn githubil chythe
documentation pakka aaayirikkanem
mathi
chat copy paste cheyth github il upload aaakk
Send a message

